"His story is called "The Farmer and the Snake." Every day, a farmer went to the city to sell his flowers and farm produce and then went home after selling all his things. One day, he left home very early, so early that when he arrived at the city, the gate was still closed. So he lay down to take a nap, when he awoke he found that the storage bin containing his farm produce had become empty except that there was a gold coin inside. Although all the things in the bin had vanished, the gold was much more valuable so he was still very happy. He thought most probably someone had taken his things and left the payment there, and went home happily with the money. The next day, the farmer again went out to sell his things but again arrived too early so he slept outside the city gate just like he had done the day before. And the incident repeated itself. All the produce that the farmer had brought disappeared, and there was a gold coin in the bin! At that time, gold was very valuable. One gold coin had a value many times higher than the farmer's produce. Then one day some time later, the farmer's father asked him, "Where have you gotten so many gold coins lately? Where did the money come from?" So the farmer revealed to his father what had happened. After listening to his story, the father thought, "One day I'll follow my son as he goes out, and see who's been consuming his things and leaving the money in the bin." So one day, when the farmer went out to do business, his father quietly followed him. While the farmer was sleeping near the city gate, his father saw a snake crawl up to his bin and eat his produce. Having finished eating, the snake once again spat a gold coin into the bin as payment to the farmer before leaving. Seeing this, the farmer's father thought, "If I kill the snake, I'll be able to seize all its gold coins!" He then picked up a stone and cut the snake into two parts. At that time, the head and trunk of the snake were already in its den, and only the tail was outside. The father thought that there must be a big treasure in the den so he told his son to reach inside for it. But unexpectedly, when the farmer reached his hand into the den, the snake bit and killed him! Even though it had been cut into two, the snake could still bite! I understand how this could have happened because that was how I got bitten when I was small. At that time, I saw a centipede that had been beaten and squashed by someone, leaving only the head intact. I thought it was dead, and to make sure, I poked it with my foot. It bit me hard and I cried for three days. (Laughter) I was really dumb! Remember! Don't play with a centipede even if it looks dead. Sometimes it just fakes death; it's not really dead. According to the essay, what did the farmer's father discover when he followed his son to the city gate, and what was his plan after making this discovery?"
"There is a hill near my home that I often climb at night. The noise of the city is a far-off murmur. In the hush of dark I share the cheerfulness of crickets and the confidence of owls. But it is the drama of the moonrise that I come to see. For that restores in me a quiet and clarity that the city spends too freely. From this hill I have watched many moons rise. Each one had its own mood. There have been broad, confident harvest moons in autumn; shy, misty moons in spring; lonely, white winter moons rising into the utter silence of an ink-black sky and smoke-smudged orange moons over the dry fields of summer. Each, like fine music, excited my heart and then calmed my soul. But we, who live indoors, have lost contact with the moon. The glare of street lights and the dust of pollution veil the night sky. Though men have walked on the moon, it grows less familiar. Few of us can say what time the moon will rise tonight. Still, it tugs at our minds. If we unexpectedly encounter the full moon, huge and yellow over the horizon, we are helpless but to stare back at its commanding presence. And the moon has gifts to bestow upon those who watch. I learned about its gifts one July evening in the mountains. My car had mysteriously stalled, and I was stranded and alone. The sun had set, and I was watching what seemed to be the bright-orange glow of a forest fire beyond a ridge to the east. Suddenly, the ridge itself seemed to burst into flame. Then, the rising moon, huge and red and grotesquely misshapen by the dust and sweat of the summer atmosphere, loomed up out of the woods. Distorted thus by the hot breath of earth, the moon seemed ill-tempered and imperfect. Dogs at nearby farmhouse barked nervously, as if this strange light had wakened evil spirits in the weeds. But as the moon lifted off the ridge it gathered firmness and authority. Its complexion changed from red, to orange, to gold, to impassive yellow. It seemed to draw light out of the darkening earth, for as it rose, the hills and valleys below grew dimmer. By the time the moon stood clear of the horizon, full-chested and round and of the colour of ivory, the valleys were deep shadows in the landscape. The dogs, reassured that this was the familiar moon, stopped barking. And all at once I felt a confidence and joy close to laughter. The drama took an hour. Moonrise is slow and serried with subtleties. To watch it, we must slip into an older, more patient sense of time. To watch the moon move inflexibly higher is to find an unusual stillness within ourselves. Our imaginations become aware of the vast distance of space, the immensity of the earth and the huge improbability of our own existence. We feel small but privileged. According to the essay, how does the narrator describe the different moods of the moonrise in various seasons, and what effect do these experiences have on them?"
"Night after night, she came to tuck me in, even long after my childhood years.　Following her longstanding custom, she'd lean down and push my long hair out of the way, then kiss my forehead. I don't remember when it first started annoying me —— her hands pushing my hair that way. But it did annoy me, for they felt work-worn and rough against my young skin. Finally, one night, I lashed out at her:　"Don't do that anymore —— your hands are too rough!" She didn't say anything in reply.　But never again did my mother close out my day with that familiar expression of her love.　Lying awake long afterward, my words haunted me.　But pride stifled my conscience, and I didn't tell her I was sorry. Time after time, with the passing years, my thoughts returned to that night.　By then I missed my mother's hands, missed her goodnight kiss upon my forehead.　Sometimes the incident seemed very close, sometimes far away.　But always it lurked, hauntingly, in the back of my mind. Well, the years have passed, and I'm not a little girl anymore.　Mom is in her mid-seventies, and those hands I once thought to be so rough are still doing things for me and my family.　She's been our doctor, reaching into a medicine cabinet for the remedy to calm a young girl's stomach or soothe a boy's scraped knee. She cooks the best fried chicken in the world…… gets stains out of blue jeans like I never could……and still insists on dishing out ice cream at any hour of the day or night. Through the years, my mother's hands have put in countless hours of toil, and most of hers were before automatic washers! Now, my own children are grown and gone. Mom no longer has Dad, and on special occasions, I find myself drawn next door to spend the night with her. So it was that late on Thanksgiving Eve, as I drifted into sleep in the bedroom of my youth, a familiar hand hesitantly stole across my face to brush the hair from my forehead.　Then a kiss, ever so gently, touched my brow. In my memory, for the thousandth time, I recalled the night my surly young voice complained:　"Don't do that anymore —— your hands are too rough!" Catching Mom's hand in hand, I blurted out how sorry I was for that night.　I thought she'd remember, as I did.　But Mom didn't know what I was talking about.　She had forgotten —— and forgiven —— long ago. That night, I fell asleep with a new appreciation for my gentle mother and her caring hands.　And the guilt I had carried around for so long was nowhere to be found. According to the essay, how did the narrator's feelings toward her mother's nightly ritual change over time, and what event triggered this change?"
"The Pilgrims who sailed to this country aboard the Mayflower were originally members of the English Separatist Church (a Puritan sect). They had earlier fled their home in England and sailed to Holland (The Netherlands) to escape religious persecution. There, they enjoyed more religious tolerance, but they eventually became disenchanted with the Dutch way of life, thinking it ungodly. Seeking a better life, the Separatists negotiated with a London stock company to finance a pilgrimage to America. Most of those making the trip aboard the Mayflower were non-Separatists, but were hired to protect the company's interests. Only about one-third of the original colonists were Separatists.The Pilgrims set ground at Plymouth Rock on December 11, 1620. Their first winter was devastating. At the beginning of the following fall, they had lost 46 of the original 102 who sailed on the Mayflower. But the harvest of 1621 was a bountiful one. And the remaining colonists decided to celebrate with a feast -- including 91 Indians who had helped the Pilgrims survive their first year. It is believed that the Pilgrims would not have made it through the year without the help of the natives. The feast was more of a traditional English harvest festival than a true "thanksgiving" observance. It lasted three days. Governor William Bradford sent "four men fowling" after wild ducks and geese. It is not certain that wild turkey was part of their feast. However, it is certain that they had venison. The term "turkey" was used by the Pilgrims to mean any sort of wild fowl. Another modern staple at almost every Thanksgiving table is pumpkin pie. But it is unlikely that the first feast included that treat. The supply of flour had been long diminished, so there was no bread or pastries of any kind. However, they did eat boiled pumpkin, and they produced a type of fried bread from their corn crop. There was also no milk, cider, potatoes, or butter. There was no domestic cattle for dairy products, and the newly-discovered potato was still considered by many Europeans to be poisonous. But the feast did include fish, berries, watercress, lobster, dried fruit, clams, venison, and plums. This "thanksgiving" feast was not repeated the following year. But in 1623, during a severe drought, the pilgrims gathered in a prayer service, praying for rain. When a long, steady rain followed the very next day, Governor Bradford proclaimed another day of Thanksgiving, again inviting their Indian friends. According to the essay, why did the Pilgrims originally leave England for Holland, and what made them decide to move to America later?"
"传说天上有个织女星，还有一个牵牛星。织女和牵牛情投意合，可是，天条律令是不允许男欢女爱、私自相恋的。织女是王母的孙女，王母便将牵牛贬下凡尘了，令织女不停地织云锦以作惩罚。织女的工作，便是用了一种神奇的丝在织布机上织出层层叠叠的美丽的云彩，这是“天衣”。自从牵牛被贬之后，织女常常以泪洗面，她坐在织机旁不停地织着美丽的云锦以期博得王母大发慈心，让牵牛早日返回天界。一天，几个仙女向王母恳求想去人间碧莲池一游，王母今日心情正好，便答应了她们。她们见织女终日苦闷，便一起向王母求情让织女共同前往，王母也心疼受惩后的孙女，便令她们速去速归。话说牵牛被贬之后，落生在一个农民家中，取名叫牛郎。后来父母下世，他便跟着哥嫂度日。哥嫂待牛郎非常刻薄，要与他分家，只给了他一条老牛和一辆破车，其他的都被哥哥嫂嫂独占了。从此，牛郎和老牛相依为命，他们在荒地上耕田种地，盖造房屋,勉强糊口度日。冷清清的家只有牛郎一个人，日子过得相当寂寞。牛郎并不知道，那条老牛原是天上的金牛星。这一天，老牛突然开口对牛郎说：“牛郎，今天你去碧莲池一趟，那儿有些仙女在洗澡，你把那件红色的仙衣藏起来，穿红仙衣的仙女就会成为你的妻子。”牛郎见老牛口吐人言，又奇怪又高兴，便问道：“牛大哥，你说的是真的吗？”老牛点了点头，牛郎便悄悄躲在碧莲池旁的芦苇里，等候仙女们的来临。不一会儿，仙女们果然翩翩飘至，脱下轻罗衣裳，纵身跃入清流。牛郎便从芦苇里跑出来，拿走了红色的仙衣。仙女们见有人来了，忙乱纷纷地穿上自己的衣裳飞走了，只剩下没有衣服无法逃走的仙女，她正是织女。织女见自己的仙衣被一个小伙子抢走，又羞又急，却又无可奈何。这时，牛郎走上前来，要她答应做他妻子，他才能还给她的衣裳。织女定睛一看，才知道牛郎便是自己日思夜想的牵牛，便含羞答应了他。这样，织女便做了牛郎的妻子。结合现代社会的婚姻自由观念，谈谈你对故事中"抢仙衣成亲"这一情节的看法，这种行为在古代和现代分别会被如何看待？"